Rancher IPv6 Support (#2041)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/cluster-configuration/downstream-cluster-configuration/machine-configuration/amazon-ec2.md

Add metadata using [tags](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html) to categorize resources.

### IPv6 Address Count

> Specify how many IPv6 addresses should be assigned to the instance’s network interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify how many IPv6 addresses to assign to the instance’s network interface.
```

### IPv6 Address Only

> Enable this option if the instance should use IPv6 exclusively. This is required for IPv6-only VPCs or subnets. When enabled, the instance will have IPv6 as its sole address, and the IPv6 Address Count must be greater than zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable this option if the instance should use IPv6 exclusively. IPv6-only VPCs or subnets require this. When enabled, the instance will have IPv6 as its sole address, and the IPv6 Address Count must be greater than zero.
```
